Doc install operator (#148)
Kuadrant/kuadrant-operator: README.md

### Installing Kuadrant

> Installing Kuadrant is two step procedure. Firstly, install the kuadrant operator and seconly,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing Kuadrant is a two-step procedure. Firstly, install the Kuadrant Operator and seconly,
```

> request a Kuadrant instance using the *Kuadrant* custom resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
request a Kuadrant instance by creating a *Kuadrant* custom resource.
```

#### 1. Install the Kuadrant Operator

> The Kuadrant operator is available in public operator catalogs both in Kubernetes and Openshift platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kuadrant Operator is available in public community operator catalogs, such as the Kubernetes [OperatorHub.io](https://operatorhub.io/operator/kuadrant-operator) and the [Openshift Container Platform and OKD OperatorHub](https://redhat-openshift-ecosystem.github.io/community-operators-prod).
```

**Kubernetes**

> The operator is available from [operatorhub.io](https://operatorhub.io/operator/kuadrant-operator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The operator is available from [OperatorHub.io](https://operatorhub.io/operator/kuadrant-operator).
```

Just go to the linked page and follow installation steps (or just run these two commands):

```

> # Install Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM), a tool to help manage the Operators running on your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Install Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM), a tool to help manage the operators running on your cluster.
```

$ curl -sL https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-lifecycle-manager/releases/download/v0.23.1/install.sh | bash -s v0.23.1

# Install the operator by running the following command:

$ kubectl create -f https://operatorhub.io/install/kuadrant-operator.yaml
```

**Openshift**

The operator is available from the [Openshift Console OperatorHub](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/operators/user/olm-installing-operators-in-namespace.html#olm-installing-from-operatorhub-using-web-console_olm-installing-operators-in-namespace).

> Just follow installation steps choosing the "Kuadrant Operator" from the catalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just follow installation steps choosing the "Kuadrant Operator" from the catalog:
```
